# Arbitraging Bot

The bot pulls the Json Data from the the platform and use Bellmann Ford algorithm to calculate the arbitraging opportunies between trading pairs. 

## Getting Started

This instructions give you how to set-up the environment in your system.

### Prerequisites

You will need Maven installed in your system.


```
Maven > 3.5.0 
JAVA_HOME set to /usr/lib/jvm/java-8-oracle/jre
```

### Installing
Follows the installation instructions from this website
```
http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi#Installation
```
## Compile the program
```
cd to the root directory of the program
mvn compile
```

## Run the program

```
cd to the root directory of the program
run
```
### Guideline on commits
So by using maven to compile and run the program, if additional dependency needed, you have to configure the POM file in the root directory.
The program structure is as follow:
1.lib - Contains every additional JAR archieve files.
2.logs - Contains the log files which generated by apache logger in the program
3.res - Contains the XML files which specify the formats needed by Logger and BtCE.
4.src - Contains the Source Jave Files and Test Java Files.
5.target - Contains the Byte Code of the compiled Class Files and Test Class Files.

At the moment, this bot only able to pull the JSON files from the website and calculate the best arbitraging opportunities.

To add the functionality of auto trading, you would need to look at the main file in ``` /src/main/java/com/natri/core/bot/BtceBFBot.java ```

```BtceBFBot.java ``` is the file u need to implement your trading strategy and code it inside. 

For the changing of JSON pulling structure, go to ```src/main/java/com/natri/data/btce/BtceQuotePuller.java ```

In ```BtceQuotePuller.java ```you need to change the code in ```getData()```. Other than that, you would have to change the web url address in ```BtceBFBot.java```.


## Authors

* Melvyn Tie

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
